Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2019-03-03T17:56:42+00:00

====== Turmilven Outskirts (Prologue, Alt name: Hedgemony) ======
Created Sunday 03 March 2019

Scene Setting:

The party is travelling to their destination along a forest road in a heavy mist along a dirt road turned to a thick mud by the torrential downpour of the night before. Descending, the road leaves the forest into a plain of arable farm land, and you are able to hear a river rushing ahead of you, somewhere in the fog. In the distance, at the limit of your visibility, an imposing bluff rises out of the plain, on top of which appears to sit the great edifice of a keep, with a low outer wall. Immediately before you are some simply built farm buildings, with their courtyard built directly onto the road. A pitchfork armed farmer is having a violent altercation with a small, apparently humanoid, figure. 

As you approach closer, you see that the farmer's antagonist has a richly hued green skin, is wielding a small animal's thighbone as a club. Its limbs are wound with vines, bearing small leaves, that appear to strengthen rather than entangle. The party is noticed approaching, causing it to lookup and flee. As the farmer pursues, he is driven back by a barrage of stones, and you notice similar such creatures at the near edge of the neighbouring wheat field the first combatant is fleeing towards.

Mrs Giles leaves the house upon seeing the assault has ended, to tend to Farmer Giles, who has sustained some nasty bruises and has a small limp, but is not otherwise badly injured. Young Giles also leaves the house, but is told on wait on the porch, is kept company by Gilly the dog. 

Situation:

Farmer Giles, suffering from pests, acquired some magic beans from the Wizard Calpendo, which grew into plants that could defend themselves. Gradually became standoffish, then violent towards people. From up in the hills travellers have seen a clearing in the field they came from, with what look to be thatch structures and a low wall of stone. 

[[+Investigate Vegepygmy settlement]]

 Once the vegepygmy situation is resolved, the party will encounter the wizard Calpendo and novice monk Odsa, if they have not done so already, and learn that the bridge over the river ahead of them has been washed away. They are invited to accompany 

